# holiday-stop-api
All endpoints require...

- `x-api-key` header (generated by the `HolidayStopApiKey` in the CloudFormation)
- and either...
  - `x-identity-id` header which specifies the identityID of the user to request data for _(sent in the `manage-frontend` use-case)_
  - `x-salesforce-contact-id` header which specifies the Salesforce contact ID of the user to request data for _(sent in the CSR UI (in Salesforce) use-case)_

**If being used in the CSR UI (in Salesforce) use-case**, then one should also pass the CSR's Session ID via the `X-Ephemeral-Salesforce-Access-Token` header (can be obtained in Apex with `UserInfo.getSessionId()`) so that the actions can be attributed correctly to the CSR (rather than the configured API user for this repo).

#### Handling Multiple Environments
The CSR UI (in Salesforce) is one consumer of this API and so each Salesforce environment is configured to speak the corresponding instance of the lambda.

`manage-frontend` is the main consumer and it supports 'test-users' and calls the correct instance of this lambda accordingly.

See [handlers/README](../README.md#3rd-party-service-environments) for more general information on this.

### `GET` `/{STAGE}/potential/{SUBSCRIPTION_NAME}?startDate={yyyy-MM-dd}&endDate={yyyy-MM-dd}`
returns a response containing dates for each issue impacted between the start and end parameters inclusively, for the subscription. Each one is accompanied by expected credit amount and the invoice date the credit will be appear on.
 
### `GET` `/{STAGE}/hsr/{SUBSCRIPTION_NAME}`
returns all holiday stops (past & present) for the specified subscription (user is verified as the 'bill to' contact of the subscription). In addition to the list of holiday stop requests (in `existing` field) the response includes an `annualIssueLimit`, `firstAvailableDate` and an `issueSpecifics` (array containing a series of objects each with `issueDayOfWeek`).

Excludes holiday stop requests where the `Max_Expected_Invoice_Date__c` is older than 6 months, however for some records that field will be null (from before we calculated this value), so if it's null we exclude based on `End_Date__c` being older than 6 months.

### `POST` `/{STAGE}/hsr`
creates a new all holiday stop, example body:
```json
{
    "startDate": "2023-06-10", 
    "endDate": "2024-06-14", 
    "subscriptionName": "A-S00071783"
 }
```

### `POST` `/{STAGE}/bulk-hsr`
creates a new holiday stop where it has been imposed because we are unable to fulfil the subscription.  
In this case, the `reason` field will hold the reason for the suspension:
```json
{
    "startDate": "2023-06-10", 
    "endDate": "2024-06-14", 
    "subscriptionName": "A-S00071783",
    "reason": "someReason"
 }
```
The reason has to be one from a closed set configured in Salesforce.

### `PATCH` `/{STAGE}/hsr/{SUBSCRIPTION_NAME}/{SF_ID}`
with the same body as create endpoint above, amends the holiday stop request (where holiday stop request `Id` matches `{SF_ID}`) to the newly specified dates and adds/removes the underlying detail records where appropriate.

### `DELETE` `/{STAGE}/hsr/{SUBSCRIPTION_NAME}/{SF_ID}`
marks the holiday stop request as 'withdrawn' in SalesForce (by placing timestamp in `Withdrawn_Time__c` field), where holiday stop request `Id` matches `{SF_ID}`.

### `POST` `/{STAGE}/hsr/{SUBSCRIPTION_NAME}/cancel?effectiveCancellationDate=yyyy-MM-dd`
handles processing of holiday stops when a subscription is cancelled, unprocessed holiday stops before the effectiveCancellationDate will be marked with a charge code "ManualRefund_Cancellation" for reporting purposes.  This should only be called if the customer was refunded for holiday stops that fall in the cancellation period, otherwise no changes should be made to existing holiday stops.

### `GET` `/{STAGE}/hsr/{SUBSCRIPTION_NAME}/cancel?effectiveCancellationDate=yyyy-MM-dd`
returns details of existing holiday stops that should be manually refunded if a subscription is canceled. This includes unprocessed holiday stops for dates before the cancellation date defined by the effectiveCancellationDate query string parameter.

